you shall make an altar to burn incense
on you shall make it of a kiss short a
cubit shall be its length and a cubit
its width
it shall be square and two cubits shall
be its height its horns shall be of one
piece with it an usual overlay its top
its sides all around and its horns with
pure gold and you shall make for it a
molding of gold all around two gold
rings you shall make for it under the
molding on both its sides you shall
place them on its two sides and they
will be holders for the poles with which
to bear it you shall make the poles of
acacia wood and overlay them with gold
and you shall put it before the veil
that is before the Ark of the testimony
before the mercy seat that is over the
testimony where I will meet with you
Aaron shall burn on its sweet incense
every morning when he tends the lamps he
shall burn incense on it and when Aaron
lights the lamps at Twilight he shall
burn incense on it a perpetual incense
before the Lord throughout your
generations you shall not offer strange
incense on it or a burnt offering or a
grain offering nor shall you pour a
drink offering on it and Aaron shall
make atonement upon its horns once a
year with the blood of the sin offering
of
once a year he shall make atonement upon
it throughout your generations it is
most holy to the Lord from the Lord
spoke to Moses when you take the census
of the children of Israel for their
number then every man shall give a
ransom for himself to the Lord when you
number them that there may be no plague
among them when you number them this is
what every one among those who are
numbered shall give half a shekel
according to the shekel of the century a
shekel is 20 givers the half shekel
shall be an offering to the Lord
everyone included among those who are
numbered from 20 years old and above
shall give an offering to the Lord the
rich shall not give more and the poor
shall not give less than half a shekel
when you give an offering to the Lord to
make atonement for yourselves
and you shall take the atonement money
of the children of Israel and shall
appoint it for the service of the
tabernacle of meeting that it may be a
memorial for the children of Israel
before the Lord to make atonement for
yourselves when the Lord spoke to Moses
you shall also make a Laver of bronze
with its base also a bronze for washing
you shall put it between the tabernacle
of meeting and the altar and you shall
put water in it for Aaron and his sons
shall wash their hands and their feet in
water from it when they go into the
tabernacle of meeting or when they come
near the altar to minister to burn an
offering made by fire to the Lord they
shall wash with water lest they die so
they shall wash their hands and their
feet lest they die and it shall be a
statute for ever to them to him and his
descendants throughout their
generations moreover the Lord spoke to
Moses also take for yourself
quality spices 500 shekels of liquid
myrrh half as much sweet smelling
cinnamon two hundred and fifty shekels
two hundred and fifty shettles of sweet
smelling cane five hundred shekels of
Cascia according to the shekel of the
century and a hint of olive oil and you
shall make from these a holy anointing
oil an ointment compounded according to
the art of the perfumer it shall be a
holy anointing oil with it you shall
anoint the tabernacle of meeting and the
Ark of the testimony the table and all
its utensils the lampstand and its
utensils and the altar of incense the
altar of burnt-offering with all its
utensils and the Laver and its base you
shall consecrate them that they may be
most holy whatever touches them must be
holy and you shall anoint Aaron and his
sons and consecrate them that they may
minister to me as priests and you shall
speak to the children of Israel saying
this shall be a holy anointing oil to me
throughout your generations it shall not
be poured on man's flesh nor shall you
make any other like it according to its
composition it is holy and it shall be
holy to you whoever compounds any like
it or whoever puts any of it on an
outsider shall be cut off from his
people take sweet spices stack tea and
arnica and galbanum and pure
frankincense with these sweet spices
there shall be equal amounts of each you
shall make of these and incense a
compound according to the art of the
perfume
salted pure and holy and you shall beat
some of it very fine and put some of it
before the testimony in the tabernacle
of meeting where I will meet with you it
shall be most holy to you but as for the
incense which you shall make you shall
not make any for yourselves according to
its composition it shall be to you holy
for the Lord whoever makes any like it
to smell it
he shall be cut off from his people
[Music]